this is a picture of me and my
girlfriend ah but you can probably see
from my face I look quite Dazed and
Confused I'm in this West End show and
every now and then like to get undo
stage door and greet everyone that
queues up to sort of meet the people
that in the show afterwards and little
did I know that my girlfriend had
decided that evening to put on a brown
wig and do a makeup different and
completely hide in amongst all the fans
waiting outside stage door and she had a
flash on my phone and must get a picture
with me and I was completely oblivious
were you nice to her
yeah what thing thing is she never she
sort of hid herself then took the
picture and then hit herself again I was
very weird and I always like to think if
somebody's really shy and won't even
speak I'll try and then speak to him and
get something out of them so I carried
on did if you were pitched and I went
back and was like tried to speak to this
girl she was hiding her face completely
turned away from me I was like
something's not right here
and I spotted the nose and I was like
that's the weirdest thing was she then
got into my car and we drove home
together I was like everyone else in the
queues probably thinking I'm taking them
back to his house what's going on there
so she kept the wig on
she can't we go on that was a bit
unnecessary yeah spicing things up it's
a bad thing about that picture Joe is
she's looking at the camera lens but
you're not yes look if anything it makes
me look out there for bad persons
because I'm just not interested dazed
and confused and kind of like I have
Scott get through this line it's that
one of your favorite photos of you as a
couple good yeah she recognized her nose
recognizes our nose yes lovely thing my
wife has the most beautiful nose I've
ever ever seen there's not a strange
thing to say she probably said oh I
couldn't you say my breasts or my bottom
or something I don't know but she's got
those good beautiful no not the same
same with no few moves you've got a
great nose
to ask Barbra Streisand all of them
they're my idols in life
I do love good night good night adds
character it knows is you do not I mean
yeah that's the one thing on your face
Caesar had a good nose Judea yes just
[Music]